Updated singular tests section to show they can now be documented (#6147)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/documentation.md

In the above example, a docs block named `table_events` is defined with some descriptive markdown contents. There is nothing significant about the name `table_events` — docs blocks can be named however you like, as long as the name only contains alphanumeric and underscore characters and does not start with a numeric character.

### Placement

<VersionBlock firstVersion="1.9">

> Docs blocks should be placed in files with a `.md` file extension. By default, dbt will search in all resource paths for docs blocks (for example, the combined list of [model-paths](/reference/project-configs/model-paths), [seed-paths](/reference/project-configs/seed-paths), [analysis-paths](/reference/project-configs/analysis-paths), [test-paths](/reference/project-configs/test-paths), [macro-paths](/reference/project-configs/macro-paths) and [snapshot-paths](/reference/project-configs/snapshot-paths)) &mdash; you can adjust this behavior using the [docs-paths](/reference/project-configs/docs-paths) config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Docs blocks should be placed in files with a `.md` file extension. By default, dbt will search in all resource paths for docs blocks (for example, the combined list of [model-paths](/reference/project-configs/model-paths), [seed-paths](/reference/project-configs/seed-paths), [analysis-paths](/reference/project-configs/analysis-paths), [test-paths](/reference/project-configs/test-paths), [macro-paths](/reference/project-configs/macro-paths), and [snapshot-paths](/reference/project-configs/snapshot-paths)) &mdash; you can adjust this behavior using the [docs-paths](/reference/project-configs/docs-paths) config.
```

</VersionBlock>

<VersionBlock lastVersion="1.8">

> Docs blocks should be placed in files with a `.md` file extension. By default, dbt will search in all resource paths for docs blocks (for example, the combined list of [model-paths](/reference/project-configs/model-paths), [seed-paths](/reference/project-configs/seed-paths), [analysis-paths](/reference/project-configs/analysis-paths), [macro-paths](/reference/project-configs/macro-paths) and [snapshot-paths](/reference/project-configs/snapshot-paths)) &mdash; you can adjust this behavior using the [docs-paths](/reference/project-configs/docs-paths) config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Docs blocks should be placed in files with a `.md` file extension. By default, dbt will search in all resource paths for docs blocks (for example, the combined list of [model-paths](/reference/project-configs/model-paths), [seed-paths](/reference/project-configs/seed-paths), [analysis-paths](/reference/project-configs/analysis-paths), [macro-paths](/reference/project-configs/macro-paths), and [snapshot-paths](/reference/project-configs/snapshot-paths)) &mdash; you can adjust this behavior using the [docs-paths](/reference/project-configs/docs-paths) config.
```

In the above example, a docs block named `table_events` is defined with some descriptive markdown contents. There is nothing significant about the name `table_events` — docs blocks can be named however you like, as long as the name only contains alphanumeric and underscore characters and does not start with a numeric character.

### Placement

<VersionBlock firstVersion="1.9">

> Docs blocks should be placed in files with a `.md` file extension. By default, dbt will search in all resource paths for docs blocks (i.e. the combined list of [model-paths](/reference/project-configs/model-paths), [seed-paths](/reference/project-configs/seed-paths), [analysis-paths](/reference/project-configs/analysis-paths), [test-paths](/reference/project-configs/test-paths), [macro-paths](/reference/project-configs/macro-paths) and [snapshot-paths](/reference/project-configs/snapshot-paths)) — you can adjust this behavior using the [docs-paths](/reference/project-configs/docs-paths) config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Docs blocks should be placed in files with a `.md` file extension. By default, dbt will search in all resource paths for docs blocks (for example, the combined list of [model-paths](/reference/project-configs/model-paths), [seed-paths](/reference/project-configs/seed-paths), [analysis-paths](/reference/project-configs/analysis-paths), [test-paths](/reference/project-configs/test-paths), [macro-paths](/reference/project-configs/macro-paths) and [snapshot-paths](/reference/project-configs/snapshot-paths)) &mdash; you can adjust this behavior using the [docs-paths](/reference/project-configs/docs-paths) config.
```

</VersionBlock>

<VersionBlock lastVersion="1.8">

> Docs blocks should be placed in files with a `.md` file extension. By default, dbt will search in all resource paths for docs blocks (i.e. the combined list of [model-paths](/reference/project-configs/model-paths), [seed-paths](/reference/project-configs/seed-paths), [analysis-paths](/reference/project-configs/analysis-paths), [macro-paths](/reference/project-configs/macro-paths) and [snapshot-paths](/reference/project-configs/snapshot-paths)) — you can adjust this behavior using the [docs-paths](/reference/project-configs/docs-paths) config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Docs blocks should be placed in files with a `.md` file extension. By default, dbt will search in all resource paths for docs blocks (for example, the combined list of [model-paths](/reference/project-configs/model-paths), [seed-paths](/reference/project-configs/seed-paths), [analysis-paths](/reference/project-configs/analysis-paths), [macro-paths](/reference/project-configs/macro-paths) and [snapshot-paths](/reference/project-configs/snapshot-paths)) &mdash; you can adjust this behavior using the [docs-paths](/reference/project-configs/docs-paths) config.
```
